well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so tonight we're gonna talk about the
pledge we're gonna do this because
carrie posted something
carrie was my editor in an outlet i used
to write for now she does stuff for this
channel
she posted something and it got me
thinking
so i went back and looked and sure
enough it's true
the pledge of allegiance has gone
through several revisions over the years
it started out in 1892.
i pledge allegiance to my flag and the
republic for which it stands one nation
indivisible with liberty and justice for
all
then an early revision 1892-1923
i pledge allegiance to my flag and to
the republic for which it stands one
nation indivisible
with liberty and justice for all
1923-19 i pledge allegiance to
the flag of the united states and to the
republic for which it stands
one nation indivisible with liberty and
justice for all
1924-1954
i pledge allegiance to the flag of the
united states of america
and to the republic for which it stands
one nation indivisible
with liberty and justice for all
1954 current version i pledge allegiance
to the flag of the united states of
america and to the republic for which it
stands one nation under god indivisible
with liberty and justice for all
the fact that this was inspired by an
editor
is just happy coincidence in some ways
as a journalist when you're writing you
have to be concise
you have a word count you've heard it in
movies give me 300 words
give me 600 words if you have ever
written
you know that 300 words is not much 600
words
is not much you have to be concise the
easiest way to be concise is to get rid
of anything that doesn't really matter
to the main story the main idea what
you're trying to convey
now if you're up against a word count
and you're trying to
figure out what to get rid of the first
place to go is your revisions
because if you had to revise it to make
it clear
and it's really not that important to
the main idea
it can go if you were to apply this
concept
to the pledge you would end up with a
pledge that sounds
something like i pledge allegiance
to liberty and justice for all
the rest of the clauses at some point
had to be revised
i pledge allegiance to liberty and
justice
for all man it not a whole lot better
doesn't it really get to the point
you're not pledging allegiance to a
symbol but to an idea
something that matters not the symbol
that is supposed to represent that idea
but the actual idea
that's where your allegiance lies
so much better it truly embodies
the promise that this country made
liberty and justice for all and it got
it wrong
in the beginning right we all know that
and as time went on that umbrella of
liberty and justice well it covered more
and more people
because that's what matters not the flag
flag's a symbol representing that idea
the idea
is what matters that shortened pledge
i pledge allegiance to liberty and
justice for all
not just does it better embody things
not just is it more concise
it's universal it doesn't stop at the
borders
because beyond america's borders do not
live a lesser people
it applies to everybody gives us a goal
gives us something to actually fight for
something worth fighting for
i personally think that if we focused on
the ideas
rather than the symbols the world will
be a whole lot better off
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night